Police Tracking Of Cellphones Raises Privacy Fears. WASHINGTON -- Law enforcement tracking of cellphones, once the province mainly of federal agents, has become a powerful and
Mayan Calendar: World Will Not End In December 2012, Expert Says. Yet it is the Mexica, not the Maya, who trafficked in the apocalypse. The Classic Maya had almost no tradition of cataclysmic
Big Tax Deductions for College Expenses. Paying for college is costly.  But there are some tax benefits that can help parents who are footing the bill, or students who are independent.
Dear G8: Be Bold and Inclusive in Tackling Hunger. As an amateur climber for 20 years, I learned that to scale daunting cliffs and ice, two core attributes are required -- courage and teamwork. You probably feel like you have been climbing your own mountain after two days of G8 talks at Camp David
If The Holidays Are Driving You Mad, Baby Bjork Reading The Nativity Story Will Help. Once a renegade visionary, always a renegade visionary.
How the Giants Collapsed. With the season only half over, the Giants still could end up with a playoff spot, but if they continue their losing ways for another week or two, even that will be unlikely.
The Most Haunting Version of Adele's 'Hello' So Far. Mozart cello mash-up is off the musical scale.
U.S. Takes Apple To Trial Over eBooks: 'This Case Will Effectively Set The Rules For Internet Commerce'. The Justice Department contends that Apple's entry into the market provided publishers with a means to get together to increase
Don't Call Them Dropouts. No one should sit in judgment of the challenging choices many Americans have to make and the circumstances that lead them to leave school.
Raising a Child With Olympic Resilience: These Stories Will Amaze You. You may not be raising a child who is destined to become an Olympian, but there are lessons every parent can learn here about how to raise an Olympian -- in life.
Alleged 'Nigerian Prince' Email Scammer Arrested In Louisiana. He does not appear to be Nigerian or a prince.
Atomic Clocks Are Accurate, But 'Nuclear' Clock Would Be Almost 100 Times More Accurate. This makes for a more accurate clock because neutrons are bound much more tightly to a nucleus than electrons to atoms. As
Five Tips to Ensure You Are the Father of Her Dreams on Your Daughter's Wedding Day. As weddings have become more personal and creative reflections of the engaged couples at any budget, the father of the bride's role has become more flexible as well.
Sudan Military, Opposition Groups Agree To Resume Talks After Strike Suspended. A special envoy said Tuesday that Sudan's military and opposition have agreed to resume talks on forming a transitional council.
How to Keep Happiness From Fading. Why can't we make the happiness last?  Psychologists (and renown happiness experts) Kennon Sheldon and Sonja Lyubomirsky argue in a recent paper that our hedonic adaption occurs for two reasons.
Re-Gifting: The New Rules for This Holiday Season. Due to the "great recession" we have become increasingly more time crunched and more thoughtful about over-spending. It only makes sense that with these changes in our lives we have also seen a change in our philosophy toward re-gifting.
Single Moms On TV: Our Favorites Revealed. Over the last four decades, the number of single moms in the U.S. has increased dramatically -- from 3.5 million in 1970
Putin Insists Olympic Skater Caught In Doping Scandal Didn’t Compete ‘Dishonestly’. The Russian president defied reality on Kamila Valieva, whose drug case dominated this year’s Winter Olympics in Beijing.
Roasted Zucchini Salad With Chickpea and Lemon Zest. The juice and zest from the lemon makes this dish sweet and tart, while the caramelized zucchini adds smokiness. Quick and simple to make this little salad pairs well with almost anything!
Tipping 15 Percent? Many Diners Pay 25 To 30 Percent Gratuity In City Restaurants. According to the Bureau of Labor Statistics, food and beverage service workers made a median hourly wage of $8.72 per hour